OK now let's talk about this how did we came up with Swadha, what is Swadha and what we sell here and everything about it.
Me (Surya), my sister (Sudha) and my 2 cousins (Swapni and Meghan) started this mainly by Sudha and Swapni, me and Meghan just assisting them in any way possible.

Back story for four of us

Me and Sudha are siblings and Swapni and Meghan are siblings

Surya (Me) - Right now I'm working as a Data analyst/engineer, completed my bachelors in Electronics and communications engineering. Just knowing about electronics is the only one I liked about that degree except that whenever I had time I used to code in python and thats how I learned python my first ever coding language, then basics of C which I can't even remember now and also some web development you know just the basics stuff HTML, CSS and bare bones of JS. But continued strongly in python and after my degree and here I am working as a data guy with knowledge on web development, digital marketing and so on. Right now I don't have any stake (We didn't registered the company yet but still even if we did we are thinking that stakes would 50 - 50 to Sudha and Swapni) Me and Meghan are just helping them achieve their dream. With the free time I have right now I'm looking over the website creation and any tech/data/software related things for Swadha. By the way I'm 24 Years old (2001 born)

Sudha (My sister) - Right now she is the only one who is spending her full time on Swadha she just completed her bachelors in fashion technology and trying for masters in the same or may be business management but related to fashion. Sudha and Swapni are the ones who are basically managing everything related to selling the products, managing inventory and so on. She is good in managing things also in sales neither that much interested in tech nor knows much of it, but a fast learner at least for the using part of it. She is a night owl and also the one who knows a bit more about pricing and stuff when it comes to products, even Swapni asks sometimes about the selling prices of the products. And she is 21 years old (2004 born).

Swapni (Cousin) - Right now she is working in company that is a client of SAP I guess but not sure, she is working just for the sake of working not because she likes it or she knows it. She is also working along side Sudha on the same things like sales, inventory and so on. She is also not a tech enthusiast like Sudha but capable of learning things if she likes them. She did her bachelors in Computer science engineering, she knows these web/data things but never worked theoretically, so as I said if she likes them then she can try or even master it, but right now she working that time she has on Swadha apart from her regular job. And she is 22 years old (2003 born).

Meghan (My other cousin) - Right now he is also working but in our own company, my uncle owns and ed tech and Meghan's dad is one the partner and you know its like a family business and before my current job I also worked there for almost 2 years. Meghan's specialty is productivity and also in management like he can do things and also get the same things done by people and right now here with his free time in Swadha he is one who manages social media our stall bookings and some of the finance and legal side too. Basically except the tech part he can do everything even the tech too if he really want to but he is the best in those other things. By the way he is also done his bachelors in Electronics and communication engineering and he is 26 years old (1999 born).

And now about Swadha, first the name it is just starting and ending of (Swa)pni and Su(dha). We started mainly as a hand made authentic thread bangles store, like with our own designs and everything is hand made and we still do those now but later we increase our products to a wide variety, now we have products from all these categories rings, chains, bracelets, hair accessories, charms, ear rings and many more...... almost all of those items are 18K gold plated, enamel, stainless steel or some are oxidized so it fair to say that we have a wide variety of products and most of our offline customers says that we have a crazy collections and it hard for them to choose 1 or 2 products. By the way till now we only sold in offline and that too in stalls in various communities, tech/software centers and some in convention/exhibitions too. So now we are thinking of going online and we also want to create a different brand like a child one from Swadha just for these other accessories apart from bangles so Swadha Bangles will be there and we will and need to create a site for it for sure and that is not our main source or main income because we will get very less profit and also as it was handmade we need to do a lot of work to create or make those bangles, we in the sense Sudha and Swapni, but where as the other products we don't have to do much we need to but products from a specific retailers with good quality products and also very good collections and hola that it and then we need to manage the rest product is ready with us.

For the fashion jewelry we are thinking of naming it like Tivaleo or Ruvvier and it goes like Tivaleo by Swadha or Ruvvier by Swadha out of those 2 we haven't finalized one but it might be any one of them or we might even give a new name too. Why is that..? we want to put all the handmade stuff and like you know the items we create in Swadha and then all the other fancy items in this new brand like you know a sub brand of Swadha.